Our first observation should be that n<=2000 which means that the problem most probably has a brute force solution. First it is obvious we will place the drains just on top of a dirt tower as otherwise we will be missing out on some water tiles. Next irrespective of where we place the drains, all the water tiles above the dirt tower of max height will always be drained. So we can count them in our answer by default. Now lets see what water tiles we can get when we place a drain on a dirt tower. Let's say its height is h. Then for that column we will get maxi-h tiles(maxi being the height of the dirt tower of max height). Now lets move left. Lets say that tower's height is h'. If h' is >h, then the tiles we will get from that column will now be maxi-h', but if not then it will be still maxi-h. Basically we need to maintain a running maximum height h, and for each column the tiles we will get are maxi-h(till h becomes maxi). We can follow a similar logic for the columns to the right too. So in this way we can find the contribution of placing a drain on each of the columns. Now lets consider the case of placing two drains. There might be an overlap which we have to consider as we need to output only the unique number of water tiles we drain. If we dry run a few test cases, we will observe that the overlap of water tiles between 2 drains is basically the same as the water tiles we could have drained if we placed a drain on the dirt tower of max height between both of these drains(including the towers with the drains too). So we can just go through all the possible pairs of drains that we can place and find their total unique contribution which would be contri[i]+contri[j]-contri[m] where contri[i] is water tiles that can be drained if we place a drain on the ith dirt tower and m is the index of the dirt tower of max height in the subarray from i to j. We can precompute the maximum of all the subarrays in n^2. The maximum contribution out of all the possible pairs would be our answer and thus we have our n^2 solution.  
